---
author: Kate Sumner
type: post
date: 2013-01-31
title: An Admirer's Tale
layout: default
---
I always adored Sally; she told such great stories and she also liked to listen to mine.  I'm one who tells stories, verbose, winding stories that can wear most people out; I touch upon the details, the ins and outs of it all, and after telling my tales in such a way throughout most of my life, I've come to easily observe when someone is actively engaging with me.  It is most understandable why one would not be up for listening to me at times--I'm the first to admit that--but Sally always listened.  I'd make my way to the end of my tale, whatever it may be, and Sally always had astute contributions that touched upon all facets of what I had to say.  She made me feel valued.

Sally was a riot.  She had a great chuckle. She had a great sense of humor, too.  And she made me think of the women in my family, as they also tend to say just what is on their minds.  I found this to be a refreshing part of Sally's personality.  I tend to think that few people are willing to say exactly what they think.  Doing so takes courage.  And Sally was courageous. 

I say all of this having only seen Sally a handful of times.  We gathered annually at a mutual friend's St. Patty's Day party.  As such, I very much associate my experience of the party with Sally because we always found ourselves in the same room.  I'd fill up her plate on my way to refill my own (she loved the desserts--and I mean she really loved the desserts--I believe it was her goal to try every variety available, an admirable goal in my humble opinion), and we would chat over our snacks with a kind of sweet familiarity that was surprising given how infrequently we saw one another.  

Sally was always so kind to me, and she was kind to my husband.  They would have harmless pseudo-arguments about poetry, and she got him to open up in ways that were a pleasure to listen to. I really liked that.  And I really liked Sally.  I'll miss her.